26.md, before:

 - [How OpenClaw’s Creator Uses AI to Run His Life in 40 Minutes | Peter Steinberger](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcwK1Uuwc0U&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=02032026&utm_content=editorial)
 - [We Tested Claude Cowork for a Week. Here Are the Results](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYuYpzEzH1Y&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=02032026&utm_content=editorial)
 - [Claude Code Is Taking Over (And We Don’t Hate It)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5W26N-Opys&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=02032026&utm_content=editorial)
 - [I Played With Clawdbot All Weekend – It’s Insane. ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUDvwqJWWIw&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=02032026&utm_content=editorial)
 - [Almost Timely News: How to Set Up Private, Local AI ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwA7Xh4oT8s&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=02032026&utm_content=editorial)
 - [Apple’s AI Pin And The “Pet” Era Of Technology](https://www.theneurondaily.com/p/apple-s-ai-pin-and-the-pet-era-of-technology?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=02032026&utm_content=editorial)
 - [A First Look At The Codex App](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0e-Brv-gS9Q&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=02032026&utm_content=editorial)
 - [Accelerating Science With Prism ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAcdcunPfJg&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=02032026&utm_content=editorial)


-------------------------

- [AI Agents In 2026 | 3 Predictions For What’s To Come (A16z Big Ideas)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULszsXDyjMY&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [AI Just Cracked a 99-Year Problem ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4mGIXNgtHI&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [OpenAI’s New ChatGPT Images Is Here! But… Will It Top Nano Banana Pro? ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHtSj9qR6do&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [Sam Altman Just Laid Out OpenAI’s Plan For 2026 ](https://www.theneurondaily.com/p/sam-altman-just-laid-out-openai-s-plan-for-2026?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [People Are Paying to Get Their Chatbots High on ‘Drugs’](https://www.wired.com/story/people-are-paying-to-get-their-chatbots-high-on-drugs/?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [Your AI Terms Cheat Sheet For 2026, Pt 1](https://www.theneurondaily.com/p/your-ai-terms-cheat-sheet-for-2026-pt-1?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [What Will AI Look Like in 3 Years?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NJRof-Z8xQ&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [Where Does Consumer AI Stand at the End of 2025? ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4-7x6QiYr0&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [YouTube Recommends AI-Generated Low-Quality Videos To 20% Of New Users, Study Finds ](https://indianexpress.com/article/technology/artificial-intelligence/one-in-five-youtube-videos-recommended-is-ai-slop-study-10443015/?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [Fal Launches Faster, Cheaper Version Of Flux 2 AI Image Generator For New Year ](https://venturebeat.com/technology/new-years-ai-surprise-fal-releases-its-own-version-of-flux-2-image-generator?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [Meta Acquires AI Startup Manus To Strengthen Artificial Intelligence Platform And Expand AI Business ](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2025-12-29/meta-acquires-startup-manus-to-bolster-ai-business?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [AI Industry Infighting And CO2 Batteries ](https://www.theneurondaily.com/p/ai-industry-infighting-and-co2-batteries?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [Could AI Relationships Actually Be Good For Us?](https://www.theguardian.com/books/2025/dec/28/could-ai-relationships-actually-be-good-for-us?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [Almost Timely News: Unleash the Power of AI With The Command Line ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWJLRRkp250&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [The Nvidia Groq Acquisition Explained ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCzpFv9Byus&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [OpenAI Seeks Head Of Preparedness To Tackle AI’s Growing Challenges And Security Concerns](https://x.com/sama/status/2004939524216910323?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [ Groupchats In ChatGPT; Here’s What We Think ](https://www.theneurondaily.com/p/groupchats-in-chatgpt-here-s-what-we-think?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [How to Get 10x Better Results with Google Gemini ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Yhhwr0dyS4&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [This New AI Breakthrough Isn’t Good News ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QuXEtWv-TMI&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [Andrej Karpathy Reflects On AI’s Impact On Programming Profession](https://x.com/karpathy/status/2004607146781278521?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)

Commit message:

Add new link to Ben Horowitz & David Solomon discussion

26.md, after:

 - [How OpenClaw’s Creator Uses AI to Run His Life in 40 Minutes | Peter Steinberger](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcwK1Uuwc0U&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=02032026&utm_content=editorial)
 - [We Tested Claude Cowork for a Week. Here Are the Results](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYuYpzEzH1Y&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=02032026&utm_content=editorial)
 - [Claude Code Is Taking Over (And We Don’t Hate It)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5W26N-Opys&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=02032026&utm_content=editorial)
 - [I Played With Clawdbot All Weekend – It’s Insane. ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUDvwqJWWIw&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=02032026&utm_content=editorial)
 - [Almost Timely News: How to Set Up Private, Local AI ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwA7Xh4oT8s&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=02032026&utm_content=editorial)
 - [Apple’s AI Pin And The “Pet” Era Of Technology](https://www.theneurondaily.com/p/apple-s-ai-pin-and-the-pet-era-of-technology?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=02032026&utm_content=editorial)
 - [A First Look At The Codex App](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0e-Brv-gS9Q&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=02032026&utm_content=editorial)
 - [Accelerating Science With Prism ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAcdcunPfJg&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=02032026&utm_content=editorial)
 - [Ben Horowitz & David Solomon on Scaling a16z and Goldman Sachs ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLVgGGz5bvk&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=02032026&utm_content=editorial)


-------------------------

- [AI Agents In 2026 | 3 Predictions For What’s To Come (A16z Big Ideas)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULszsXDyjMY&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [AI Just Cracked a 99-Year Problem ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4mGIXNgtHI&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [OpenAI’s New ChatGPT Images Is Here! But… Will It Top Nano Banana Pro? ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHtSj9qR6do&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [Sam Altman Just Laid Out OpenAI’s Plan For 2026 ](https://www.theneurondaily.com/p/sam-altman-just-laid-out-openai-s-plan-for-2026?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [People Are Paying to Get Their Chatbots High on ‘Drugs’](https://www.wired.com/story/people-are-paying-to-get-their-chatbots-high-on-drugs/?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [Your AI Terms Cheat Sheet For 2026, Pt 1](https://www.theneurondaily.com/p/your-ai-terms-cheat-sheet-for-2026-pt-1?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [What Will AI Look Like in 3 Years?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NJRof-Z8xQ&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [Where Does Consumer AI Stand at the End of 2025? ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4-7x6QiYr0&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [YouTube Recommends AI-Generated Low-Quality Videos To 20% Of New Users, Study Finds ](https://indianexpress.com/article/technology/artificial-intelligence/one-in-five-youtube-videos-recommended-is-ai-slop-study-10443015/?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [Fal Launches Faster, Cheaper Version Of Flux 2 AI Image Generator For New Year ](https://venturebeat.com/technology/new-years-ai-surprise-fal-releases-its-own-version-of-flux-2-image-generator?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [Meta Acquires AI Startup Manus To Strengthen Artificial Intelligence Platform And Expand AI Business ](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2025-12-29/meta-acquires-startup-manus-to-bolster-ai-business?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [AI Industry Infighting And CO2 Batteries ](https://www.theneurondaily.com/p/ai-industry-infighting-and-co2-batteries?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [Could AI Relationships Actually Be Good For Us?](https://www.theguardian.com/books/2025/dec/28/could-ai-relationships-actually-be-good-for-us?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [Almost Timely News: Unleash the Power of AI With The Command Line ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWJLRRkp250&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [The Nvidia Groq Acquisition Explained ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCzpFv9Byus&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [OpenAI Seeks Head Of Preparedness To Tackle AI’s Growing Challenges And Security Concerns](https://x.com/sama/status/2004939524216910323?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [ Groupchats In ChatGPT; Here’s What We Think ](https://www.theneurondaily.com/p/groupchats-in-chatgpt-here-s-what-we-think?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [How to Get 10x Better Results with Google Gemini ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Yhhwr0dyS4&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [This New AI Breakthrough Isn’t Good News ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QuXEtWv-TMI&utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
- [Andrej Karpathy Reflects On AI’s Impact On Programming Profession](https://x.com/karpathy/status/2004607146781278521?utm_source=aiweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12302025&utm_content=editorial)
